Use Toggle explanation as description, not label (#2011)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/poor-dolphins-help.md

---
'@sumup/circuit-ui': patch
---

> Changed the Toggle's explanation to be associated with the switch button as its description instead of being included in the label to provide a better experience to screen reader users.

Author: This is a bit wordy, I'm open to suggestions on how to phrase this better.

Reviewer: I think it's fine. Maybe break it down:

```suggestion
Changed the Toggle's `explanation` to be associated with the switch button as its description instead of being included in its label. This provides a better experience to screen reader users.
```

> Moved the Toggle's `explanation` outside the switch button's `label` and connected it to the switch button using `aria-describedby` to provide a better experience to screen reader users. This affects the component's markup and might be a breaking change in instances customizing the Toggle's styles.

Reviewer: 💯
